README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

I'm Ethan, a teenage kid who enjoys learning a bit of everything. \

## Some things about me

- 🌱 I’m currently learning Rust, a programming language.
- 💬 Ask me about the adventures I've gone on in my programming journey.
- 📫 How to reach me: I usually check my email. I live under a rock, so other than that, there's no other method of reaching out to me.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy cars. My favourite car is the Corvette Stingray.

## What I've been up to

Lately, I've been trying to make a [web crawler](https://github.com/frogtheastronaut/hey-search) (which will be part of a Search Engine I'm trying to make). I've recently finished a project, and that is [MooseOS](https://github.com/frogtheastronaut/moose-os), a small operating system written in C.

## Tools/Languages I enjoy using

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c" height="40" alt="c logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs" height="40" alt="csharp logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity" height="40" alt="unity logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=blender" height="40" alt="blender logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/chrome/chrome-original.svg" height="40" alt="chrome logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" height="40" alt="nodejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" height="40" alt="npm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=stackoverflow" height="40" alt="stackoverflow logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=py" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
</div>

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=frogtheastronaut&column=10&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
![My stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=frogtheastronaut&show_icons=true&theme=onedark)

Commit message:

Update README with personal website link

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

I'm Ethan, a teenage kid who enjoys learning a bit of everything. 
You can find out more about me on my [personal website!](https://ethanzyx.vercel.app/)

## Some things about me

- 🌱 I’m currently learning Rust, a programming language.
- 💬 Ask me about the adventures I've gone on in my programming journey.
- 📫 How to reach me: I usually check my email. I live under a rock, so other than that, there's no other method of reaching out to me.
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy cars. My favourite car is the Corvette Stingray.

## What I've been up to

Lately, I've been trying to make a [web crawler](https://github.com/frogtheastronaut/hey-search) (which will be part of a Search Engine I'm trying to make). I've recently finished a project, and that is [MooseOS](https://github.com/frogtheastronaut/moose-os), a small operating system written in C.

## Tools/Languages I enjoy using

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=c" height="40" alt="c logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs" height="40" alt="csharp logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=unity" height="40" alt="unity logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=blender" height="40" alt="blender logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/chrome/chrome-original.svg" height="40" alt="chrome logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" alt="javascript logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" height="40" alt="nodejs logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" height="40" alt="npm logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=stackoverflow" height="40" alt="stackoverflow logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=py" height="40" alt="python logo"  />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql" height="40" alt="mysql logo"  />
</div>

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=frogtheastronaut&column=10&theme=onedark)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)
![My stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=frogtheastronaut&show_icons=true&theme=onedark)
